# RPI-WebSysDev-FORMQ
Group Project for ITWS 4500

FORM Q is generally targeted at RPI students. At Rensselaer, many students have a difficult time finding roommates. There are resources targeted at helping students find roommates; for example, RPI’s SLL has a survey meant to match students with individual matches with similar characteristics. This may be a good start but it is flawed, with limited questions and options. There are two more important issues with the “solution” made by SLL that the team will fix. The first is that this website does not offer group matching, and the second is that this website is only an option for students looking to live on campus. As such, a large portion of upperclassmen students cannot use the website. Since the team is including features for students who live off campus and students searching for a group, the number of potential users increases greatly.

The website’s type of users include those looking to “advertise” for a roommate through the creation of a profile and those looking to search through profiles for roommates. Users can belong to both groups, meaning they can “advertise” for a roommate and search through other profiles. For users looking to “advertise” for a roommate, they will fill out a profile with contact information, preferences and be given the option to prioritize these preferences. For example, a user would be able to mark down that they prioritize limited noise when filling out their profile. If they are in a group, this profile will be a group profile. On group profiles, the group answers these preferences as one unit collectively.

Users looking to search for matches can search by number of people. For example, a group of two students may be looking to match with another two students in order to live in an apartment style complex for four people. They can specifically search for groups of two and see the collective profile of the other groups of two. This provides much more options for students, especially for those looking for apartments with large groups of people to join. From there, the student or group of students can reach out to potential roommates via the contact information provided on the profiles.0
